In this lecture, we'll start working on the product service, so we'll do the first and the second
steps in a single shot, we'll create the project, create the model and the repository go to the sts file
menu new.
Spring Starter Project.
Call the Project Product Service Product Service, com.Bharath.springcloud, that's fine.
The artifact name is Product Service as well.
Change the description to product service.
Click next.
Select MySQL Driver uptop here Spring Data JPA as well as Spring WEB.
We need the same dependencies as the previous project hit finish.
That will create the product service for as expanded go to source main Java, right click new class
call it product is the model.
The package name is springcloud
dot model finish DoubleClick to maximize the product table has four fields
Id, name, description and price, which is decimal go back private long.
Id is the first field private string name of the product.
Private string description, private big decimal price.
You can also use integer if you want to, but since it's a decimal in the database, let's use a big
decimal.
Select all them go to source.
Generate getters and setters select all.
I want it after price, generate. Control shift f to format it scroll up mark this with @ entity
annotation.
Run javax dot persistance Mark this with @ Id hit control one import that the last one is @ generated
value.
That guy right there within brackets, the strategy is equal to generation type dot identity column
in the database.
So that's the model.
Next, create a repository, right
Click on the package.
New interface product Repo
This will go into springcloud
DOT repos hit add search for a jpa repository or it'll be readily available for you.
Hit
OK, finish.
That entity is of type product.
Which we have just created that guy right there, and the identity type is long.
You go back to the product id type is long, so has successfully created a product service project,
the model and also the repository.